Aug 29, 2023
how to understand aggregation in postgres?
aggregation means joining multiple rows on the basic of the condition.
For example
I want to join total leave, dates, and reasons for all employees?
Table Name - employees_leaves_data
Table Column id, code, leave_dates, reason
Soln - 
if I club leave_dates, count of leave_dates and reason with code. Do this for all employees.
For implementing above use below query - 
select e.code, array_agg(leave_dates), count(leave_dates), array_agg(reason) from employees_leaves_data e group_by e.code;
The above query grouping the data on the basis of employee code and the aggregation functions like array_agg, count to perform the task.
array_agg club the data from various rows in one row, and count will yeild the total rows which are clubbed together.

if mssql server disconnects reload the server.

React common component rendering Behaviour on navigation like header menu?
The react has ability to cache current page components. So when navigation is done in react it will render the component. 
But will not re render thus any change in state while navigation on to another page will not picked up by state. 
So if using useEffect with empty dependency array will work? 
No, still it will not pick the change written inside useeffect while navigation if we pass a empty dependency array.
As, it is rendering the same component which is cached and do not watch state, as no change in dependency array thus on navigation no change will be visible.
So, always pass the dynamic paths in the dependency array to rerender the component and do the desirable changes. Use useLocation hook in react-route-dom to do that.

How to send long html in smtp mailer?
Use js string to send the html inside smtp mailer.

what happen if we print a array without casting but inside a backtick (`) braces?
It will behave like a string and join the data with seperator as comma. 

Aug 30, 2023
Browser caches the css and js to not rerender. Improve user experience by reloading the website faster.
Check if all outcomes are working fine after making changes.
Check the concerned data before making changes.
Captcha creation
Changes made to send new field in the db.

sep 1, 2023
All the db and 3rd party queries should be run from one function inside the code. 
Thus helps in easy debugging if required.
Learn more about connections in node js and mongosh. Currently not clear.
Customisation in compressor.

sep 4, 2023
Ghostscript contains option for multiple viewing option -dPDFSETTINGS are:
/default - good quality and reasonable file size
/screen - screen viewing and is suitable for lower resolution screens.
/ebook - for view ebook readers
/printer - high quality printing
/prepress - high quality commerial printing 
Most to least optimization
screen > ebook > printer > prepress > default

Moment throwing error when passing the string to parse. As it depreciated the format for iso.

CSS:
logo
cards <- inline display
height, width of cards
text-align - align the text left
float - forcely align in the direction
flex - manages the div

sep 5, 2023
testing - b2c buy currency product wise
b2c rate update - moving the middleware here and there
solution portal - quality options (high, medium and low)

sep 6, 2023
Created own custom hook
Created pagination component
Created date range component
Created search component
CSV download middleware using array of objects
use solution Report api

sep 7, 2023
update report api
agent portal - backend and frontend - share button with user
understand document.queryselector() - react - can be used if re-rendering not required

sep 8, 2023
understand login/signup concept without login
high/medium/low image
remitxnode - document any fix
array - fill

sep 9, 2023
eslint config contains - node, import <- libs used in eslint
eslint, prettier - auto import can be resolved using require statements
babel/node - lib for import and export

sep 11, 2023
pg_dump working without specifiying folder
ghostscript contains a color parameter which decreases its size
if data is not correct smtp mailer will not work
if from is not given smtp mailer than in the mail will not show from email in the email.

Sep 12-15
Created emailer for yes germany
Created the query to show leads and orders to agents
Understand and update create lead form -- modularize code.
Created a new component share with remitx.
Learnings:
Html mailer of smtp is very handy and easy to use. Same like handling strings.
Divide your components into the files.
State value can be shown, set and passed in the dependency array of useEffect through the props in child component.